.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Pad Thai" "" "Pad Thai"

.SH NAME
Pad Thai

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Rice Noodles (250g, 8 oz, cooked)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (3 cloves, minced)
.IP \[bu]
Extra Firm Tofu (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Vegetable Oil (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Egg (1)
.IP \[bu]
Fresh Bean Sprouts (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Red Bell Pepper (1, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Red Onion (1/2 large, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Toasted Peanuts (62mL, 1/4 cup, optional)
.IP \[bu]
Fish Sauce (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Soy Sauce (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Brown Sugar (75mL, 5 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Rice Vinegar (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Sriracha (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Peanut Butter (30mL, 2 tablespoons)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
In a small bowl, mix \fBfish sauce\fR (45mL, 3 tablespoons), \fBsoy sauce\fR
(15mL, 1 tablespoon), \fBbrown sugar\fR (75mL, 5 tablespoons), \fBrice
vinegar\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoons), \fBsriracha\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon) and
\fBpeanut butter\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoons). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a large pan, fry \fBtofu\fR (454g, 1 lb.) in \fBvegetable oil\fR (15mL, 1
tablespoon) and \fBgarlic\fR (3 cloves, minced) until browned.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBred bell pepper\fR (1, diced) and \fBred onion\fR (1/2 large, diced).
Cook until onion beginning to turn translucent, approx 3 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add sauce mixture and \fBcooked rice noodles\fR (250g, 8 oz, cooked). Mix well.
.IP \n+[step]
Push stir fry to one side, scramble \fBegg\fR (1). Fold into pad thai.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBtoasted peanuts\fR (62mL, 1/4 cup, optional) and \fBbean sprouts\fR
(250mL, 1 cup).
.IP \n+[step]
Serve garnished with bean sprouts.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 20m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 30m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: moderate

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
You may substitute rice vinegar with tamarind paste (30mL, 2 tablespoons).

For best taste, toast the peanuts in oil.

Shrimp or chicken is a great alternative to tofu.

