.TH recipe-manuals 7 "French Onion Soup" "" "French Onion Soup"

.SH NAME
French Onion Soup

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Butter (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Yellow Onion (1250mL, 5 cups, very thinly sliced)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (2 cloves, minced)
.IP \[bu]
Salt (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Granulated Sugar (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Beef Stock (1.5L, 6 cups)
.IP \[bu]
White Wine (125mL, 1/2 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Baguette (6 thick slices)
.IP \[bu]
Gruyere Cheese (375mL, 1.5 cups)
.IP \[bu]
Parmesan (62mL, 1/4 cup)
.IP \[bu]
All Purpose Flour (45mL, 3 tablespoons)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
In a large pot over medium heat, melt \fBbutter\fR (45mL, 3 tablespoons). Add
\fBonions\fR (1250mL, 5 cups, very thinly sliced), \fBgarlic\fR (2 cloves,
minced), \fBsalt\fR (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon) and \fBsugar\fR (2.5mL, 1/2
teaspoon). Cook for 30 minutes or until browned and nicely carmelized.
.IP \n+[step]
Stir in \fBflour\fR (45mL, 3 tablespoons). Cook for 1 minute.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBbeef stock\fR (1.5L, 6 cups) and \fBwhite wine\fR (125mL, 1/2 cup),
reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBsalt\fR and \fBpepper\fR to taste.
.IP \n+[step]
Pour soup into oven safe soup bowls. Top each bowl with a \fBbaguette slice\fR
(6 thick slices). Top with \fBgruyere cheese\fR (375mL, 1.5 cups) and
\fBparmesan\fR (62mL, 1/4 cup).
.IP \n+[step]
Broil until lightly browned. Let cool slightly and serve.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 20m
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 1.5h
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: moderate

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
It's ok if the baguette is a bit dry.

