.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Cinnamon Roll Cake" "" "Cinnamon Roll Cake"

.SH NAME
Cinnamon Roll Cake

.SH INGREDIENTS [CAKE]
.IP \[bu]
Cake Flour (750mL, 3 cups)
.IP \[bu]
Salt (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Sugar (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Baking Powder (20mL, 4 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Eggs (2)
.IP \[bu]
Vanilla Extract (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Milk (375mL, 1 1/2 cups)
.IP \[bu]
Butter (125mL, 1/2 cup, melted)

.SH INGREDIENTS [FILLING]
.IP \[bu]
Butter (250mL, 1 cup, softened)
.IP \[bu]
Brown Sugar (250mL, 1 cups)
.IP \[bu]
Cake Flour (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Cinnamon (15mL, 1 tablespoon)

.SH INGREDIENTS [GLAZE]
.IP \[bu]
Powdered Sugar (500mL, 2 cups)
.IP \[bu]
Milk (75mL, 5 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Vanilla Extract (5mL, 1 teaspoon)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step] 3
In a stand mixer or large mixing bowl, add \fBcake flour\fR (750mL, 3 cups),
\fBsalt\fR (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon), \fBsugar\fR (250mL, 1 cup), \fBbaking
powder\fR (20mL, 4 teaspoons), \fBeggs\fR (2) and \fBvanilla extract\fR (10mL,
2 teaspoons). Mix in the \fBmilk\fR (375mL, 1 1/2 cups).
.IP \n+[step]
While the mixer is still running, slowly add the \fBmelted butter\fR (125mL,
1/2 cup). Mix just until combined.
.IP \n+[step]
Spray a 9×13 pan with cooking spray and spread the batter out evenly in the pan.
.IP \n+[step]
To make the cinnamon filling, use a small bowl and a wooden spoon to combine
\fBsoftened butter\fR (250mL, 1 cups), \fBbrown sugar\fR (250mL, 1 cup),
\fBcake flour\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoons) and \fBcinnamon\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon).
.IP \n+[step]
Drop the cinnamon filling by spoonfuls onto the cake batter. Take a butter
knife and drag it through both the cinnamon and cake batter layers, making a
pretty marble effect.
.IP \n+[step]
Bake at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes, or until a knife inserted into the
center comes out clean.
.IP \n+[step]
In a small mixing bowl, whisk together \fBpowdered sugar\fR (500mL, 2 cups),
\fBmilk\fR (75mL, 5 tablespoons) and \fBvanilla extract\fR (5mL, 1 teaspoon).
Pour the glaze over the warm cinnamon cake.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 20m
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 40m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: moderate

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
Cake flour works best for a light and fluffy texture. All-purpose flour can be used too.

Serve warm, or at room temperature.
