.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Homestyle Chili" "" "Homestyle Chili"

.SH NAME
Homestyle Chili

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Red Kidney Beans (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Lean Ground Beef (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Low Sodium Beef Broth (125mL, 1/2 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Onion (1, large red or yellow, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Celery (2 stalks, sliced)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (4 cloves, minced)
.IP \[bu]
Bell Pepper (1, green or red, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Jalapeno (1, sliced)
.IP \[bu]
Diced Tomatoes (540mL, 18oz)
.IP \[bu]
Crushed Tomatoes (414mL, 14 oz)
.IP \[bu]
Chili Powder (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Cocoa Powder (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Ground Cumin (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Chili Pepper Flakes (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Cinnamon (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
Sort and rinse \fBkidney beans\fR (454g, 1 lb.). Soak beans overnight in cold
water.
.IP \n+[step]
Drain beans. In a large pot, add \fBwater\fR (1000mL, 4 cups) and beans. Heat
to a light boil and simmer for 50 minutes or until nearly tender. Drain and set
aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In the same large pot, cook \fBground beef\fR (454g, 1 lb.) until browned. Set
aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In the same large pot over medium-high heat, add \fBonions\fR (1, large red or
yellow, diced), \fBcelery\fR (2 stalks, sliced), \fBgarlic\fR (4 cloves,
minced), \fBbell pepper\fR (1, green or red, diced), \fBjalapeno\fR (1,
sliced). Cook for 15 minutes or until onion is translucent.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBdiced tomatoes\fR (540mL, 18oz), \fBbeef broth\fR (125mL, 1/2 cup),
\fBchili powder\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon), \fBcocoa powder\fR (10mL, 2
teaspoons), \fBground cumin\fR (10mL, 2 teaspoons), \fBchili pepper flakes\fR
(1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon), \fBcinnamon\fR (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon). Cook for 5
minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Stir in kidney beans, ground beef and \fBcrushed tomatoes\fR (414mL, 14oz).
Cover and simmer on low heat for 1 hour.
.IP \n+[step]
Adjust salt levels as needed. Serve.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 18 hours (soaking kidney beans), 15m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 2h-3h
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
You can substitute ground beef for chorizo, chopped into tiny cubes, for great
flavour.

