.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Honey Garlic Tofu" "" "Honey Garlic Tofu"

.SH NAME
Honey Garlic Tofu

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Extra Firm Tofu (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Asparagus (1, bunch)
.IP \[bu]
Sweet Potato (1, Large)
.IP \[bu]
Olive Oil (15mL, 1 Tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Vegetable Oil (15mL, 1 Tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Butter (15mL, 1 Tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Salt (1, pinch)
.IP \[bu]
Soy Sauce (45mL, 3 Tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Sesame Oil (15mL, 1 Tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Rice Vinegar (10mL, 2 Teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Red Pepper Flakes (0.625mL, 1/8 Teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Honey (62.5mL, 1/4 Cup)
.IP \[bu]
Onion Powder (2.5mL, 1/2 Teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (3 Cloves)
.IP \[bu]
Cornstarch (2.5mL, 1/2 Teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Ginger (1/2-inch knob)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
On a sheet of aluminum foil, place \fBsweet potato\fR and coat in a light
drizzle of \fBolive oil\fR (15mL, 1 Tablespoon), \fBsalt\fR (1 pinch) and
\fBbutter\fR (15mL, 1 Tablespoon). Place in oven preheated to 425 degrees. Set
a timer for 45 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
In a small dish, combine \fBsoy sauce\fR (45mL, 3 Tablespoons), \fBsesame
oil\fR (15mL, 1 Tablespoon), \fBrice vinegar\fR (10mL, 2 Teaspoons), \fBred
pepper flakes\fR (0.625mL, 1/8 Teaspoon), \fBhoney\fR (62.5mL, 1/4 Cup),
\fBonion powder\fR (2.5mL, 1/2 Teaspoon), \fBgarlic\fR (3 cloves, minced),
\fBcornstarch\fR (2.5mL, 1/2 Teaspoon) and \fBginger\fR (1/2-inch knob,
minced). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a cast iron pan over high heat, add \fBvegetable oil\fR (15mL, 1
Tablespoon). Add \fBtofu\fR (454g, 1 lb.) and sear on all sides until beginning
to brown.
.IP \n+[step]
In a shallow dish, place \fBasparagus\fR (1, bunch) and coat in a light drizzle
of \fBolive oil\fR (15mL, 1 Tablespoon) and \fBsalt\fR (1 pinch). Place in oven.
.IP \n+[step]
Add soy sauce / honey mixture, reduce heat slightly, stir to coat the tofu and
cook until sauce has thickened.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve tofu with asparagus and baked sweet potato.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 20m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 1h
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

