.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Quinoa Salad" "" "Quinoa Salad"

.SH NAME
Quinoa Salad

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Quinoa (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Lentils (125mL, 1/2 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Mung Beans (125mL, 1/2 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Sweet Red Bell Pepper (1, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Red Onion (125mL, 1/2 cup, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Cucumber (125mL, 1/2 cup, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Cherry Tomatoes (62mL, 1/4 cup, diced)
.IP \[bu]
Lemon Juice (1/2 lemon)
.IP \[bu]
White Wine Vinegar (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Extra Virgin Olive Oil (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Honey (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Salt (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
Individually, \fBcook quinoa\fR (250mL, 1 cup), \fBlentils\fR (125mL, 1/2 cup)
and \fBmung beans\fR (125mL, 1/2 cup). Once cooked, place in fridge to chill.
.IP \n+[step]
In a large bowl, add f\Bred bell pepper\fR (1, diced), \fBcucumber\fR (125mL,
1/2 cup, diced), \fBred onion\fR (62mL, 1/4 cup, diced), \fBcherry tomatoes\fR,
\fBlemon juice\fR (1/2 lemon), \fBwhite wine vinegar\fR (45mL, 3 tablespoons),
\fBolive oil\fR (45mL, 3 tablespoons), and \fBhoney\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoons).
Mix well.
.IP \n+[step]
Once the quinoa, lentils and mung beans have chilled, add them to the large
bowl of vegetables. Mix well.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBsalt\fR (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon), or adjust as needed.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve chilled.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 10m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 45h (cooking quinoa and legumes)
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
The taste of the olive oil can transform the overall taste of the final product. Use a high quality olive oil if possible.

