.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Butter Chicken Curry" "" "Butter Chicken Curry"

.SH NAME
Butter Chicken Curry

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Plain Yogurt (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Garam Masala (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Salt (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Chicken (2 breasts)
.IP \[bu]
Onion (1, yellow or red)
.IP \[bu]
Ginger (5cm, 2-inch knob)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (6 cloves)
.IP \[bu]
Unsalted Butter (60mL, 1/4 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Crushed Tomatoes (414mL, 14 oz)
.IP \[bu]
Heavy/Whipping Cream (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Paprika Powder (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Ground Cumin (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Turmeric Powder (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Rice (500mL, 2 cups, cooked basmati)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
In a medium-sized bowl, mix \fBplain yogurt\fR (250mL, 1 cup), \fBgaram
masala\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon), and \fBsalt\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon).
.IP \n+[step]
Slice \fBchicken\fR (2 breasts) into bite-sized pieces. Add to yogurt mixture,
folding to mix thoroughly. Marinade in fridge for a few hours.
.IP \n+[step]
Cook chicken in a large pot over high heat until nicely browned on all sides.
Remove from pot and set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In the same large pot, reduce to medium-high heat and sauté \fBonion\fR (1
large, very finely diced), \fBginger\fR (5cm, 2-inch knob, very finely diced)
and \fBgarlic\fR (6 cloves, minced). Season with \fBsalt\fR and \fBpepper\fR
and cook until onion is translucent and beginning to brown.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBpaprika\fR (10mL, 2 teaspoons), \fBcumin\fR (10mL, 2 teaspoons),
\fBgaram masala\fR (15mL, 1 tablespoon), and \fBturmeric powder\fR (2.5mL, 1/2
teaspoon).
.IP \n+[step]
Add can of \fBcrushed tomatoes\fR (414mL, 14 oz) and \fBwater\fR (158mL, 2/3
cup).  Simmer and reduce for 5 - 8 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add cooked chicken to pot, simmer for an additional 3 - 5 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBheavy cream\fR (250mL, 1 cup), bring to light simmer on low heat for 3
minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBbutter\fR (60mL, 1/4 cup) and stir continuously until melted. Turn off
heat.
.IP \n+[step]
Adjust salt levels as needed.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve over rice.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 3h-5h (marinade), 15m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 45m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: moderate

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
If you have access to a blender, you can optionally blend the mixture before
adding chicken. This will give a very nice even texture.

