.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Chow Mein" "" "Chow Mein"

.SH NAME
Chow Mein

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Chow Mein Noodles (280g, 10 oz)
.IP \[bu]
Vegetable Oil (30mL, 2 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Protein (Chicken, Beef, Tofu) (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Scallions (2 stalks, sliced 1" lengths)
.IP \[bu]
Celery (2 stalks, sliced)
.IP \[bu]
Carrot (1, julienned)
.IP \[bu]
Cabbage (750mL, 3 cups, shredded)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (4 cloves, minced)
.IP \[bu]
Bean Sprouts (250mL, 1 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Chinese Cooking Wine (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Dark Soy Sauce (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Light Soy Sauce (15mL, 1 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Ground White Pepper (5mL, 1 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Oyster Sauce (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Sesame Oil (2.5mL, 0.5 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Cornstarch (10mL, 2 teaspoons)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
Cook \fBchow mein noodles\fR (280g, 10 oz) according to package instructions.
Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
Cook \fBprotein of choice\fR (454g, 1 lb.). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a small bowl, combine \fBchinese cooking wine\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon),
\fBdark soy sauce\fR (30ml, 2 tablespoons), \fBlight soy sauce\fR (15ml, 1
tablespoon), \fBground white pepper\fR (5ml, 1 teaspoon), \fBoyster sauce\fR
(45ml, 3 tablespoons), \fBsesame oil\fR (2.5ml, 0.5 teaspoon), and
\fBcornstarch\fR (10ml, 2 teaspoons). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a wok over high heat, add \fBvegetable oil\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoon),
\fBscallions\fR (2 stalks, sliced 1" lengths), \fBcelery\fR (2 stalks, sliced),
\fBcarrot\fR (1, julienned), \fBcabbage\fR (750mL, 3 cups, shredded), and
\fBgarlic\fR (4 cloves, minced). Cook until beginning to soften but still has
crunch, about 3-4 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Reduce heat to medium. Add cooked protein, cooked noodles and sauce mixture.
Toss to thoroughly coat noodles. Add \fBbean sprouts\fR (250mL, 1 cup). Cook
for 3-4 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 15m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 15m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
For added heat, add hot chili oil (5mL, 1 teaspoon).

Optionally serve garnished with thinly sliced scallions and bean sprouts.

