.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Lo Mein" "" "Lo Mein"

.SH NAME
Lo Mein

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Lo Mein Noodles (280g, 10 oz)
.IP \[bu]
Vegetable Oil (30mL, 2 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Protein (Chicken, Beef, Tofu) (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Carrot (1, julienned)
.IP \[bu]
Cabbage (750mL, 3 cups, shredded)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (3 cloves, minced)
.IP \[bu]
Red Onion (half of 1 small, 1" cubes)
.IP \[bu]
Sweet Bell Pepper (1 green or red, 1" squares)
.IP \[bu]
Chinese Cooking Wine (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Dark Soy Sauce (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Light Soy Sauce (15mL, 1 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Mirin (5mL, 1 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Hot Chili Oil (7.5mL, 0.5 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Sesame Oil (5mL, 1 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Cornstarch (2.5mL, 0.5 teaspoon)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
Cook \fBlo mein noodles\fR (280g, 10 oz) according to package instructions.
Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
Cook \fBprotein of choice\fR (454g, 1 lb.). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a small bowl, combine \fBchinese cooking wine\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon),
\fBdark soy sauce\fR (30ml, 2 tablespoons), \fBlight soy sauce\fR (15ml, 1
tablespoons), \fBmirin\fR (5ml, 1 teaspoon), \fBhot chili oil\fR (7.5ml, 0.5
tablespoon), \fBsesame oil\fR (5ml, 1 teaspoon), and \fBcornstarch\fR (2.5ml,
0.5 teaspoon). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a wok over high heat, add \fBvegetable oil\fR (30mL, 2 tablespoon),
\fBcarrot\fR (1, julienned), \fBcabbage\fR (750mL, 3 cups, shredded), and
\fBgarlic\fR (3 cloves, minced). Cook until beginning to soften but still has
crunch, about 3-4 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Reduce heat to medium. Add cooked protein, \fBred onion\fR (half of 1 small, 1"
cubes), and \fBsweet bell pepper\fR (1 green or red, 1" squares). Cook for 3
minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add cooked noodles and sauce mixture. Toss to thoroughly coat noodles. Cook
until sauce has thickened, about 3-5 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 15m prep
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 15m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
Optionally serve garnished with thinly sliced scallions and bean sprouts.

