.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Maple Glazed Tofu" "" "Maple Glazed Tofu"

.SH NAME
Maple Glazed Tofu

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Extra Firm Tofu (454g, 1 lb., cubed)
.IP \[bu]
Vegetable Oil (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (4 cloves, sliced)
.IP \[bu]
Onion (1/2 small red or white, large dice)
.IP \[bu]
Cornstarch (2.5mL, 1/2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Ground Black Pepper (1.25mL, 1/4 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Maple Syrup (30mL, 2 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Red Pepper Flakes (0.625mL, 1/8 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Gochujang Chili Paste (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Light Soy Sauce (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Dark Soy Sauce (10mL, 2 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Rice Vinegar (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Sesame Oil (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Rice (250mL, 1 cups, cooked basmati)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
In a small dish, combine \fBcornstarch\fR (2.5ml, 1/2 teaspoons), \fBground black
pepper\fR (1.25ml, 1/4 teaspoon), \fBmaple syrup\fR (30ml, 2 tablespoons),
\fBred pepper flakes\fR (0.625ml, 1/8 teaspoon), \fBgochujang chili paste\fR
(15ml, 1 tablespoon), \fBlight soy sauce\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon), \fBdark soy
sauce\fR (10ml, 2 teaspoons), \fBrice vinegar\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon), and
sesame oil (15ml, 1 tablespoon). Set aside.
.IP \n+[step]
In a cast iron pan over high heat, add \fBvegetable oil\fR (30mL, 2
tablespoons). Add \fBtofu\fR (454g, 1 lb., cubed) and sear on all sides until
beginning to brown.
.IP \n+[step]
Add \fBgarlic\fR (4 cloves, sliced) and \fBonion\fR (1/2 small red or white, large dice).
Cook 1-2 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
Add soy sauce / maple mixture, reduce heat slightly, stir to coat the tofu and
cook until sauce has thickened (about 5-7 minutes).
.IP \n+[step]
Serve tofu over a bed of \fBrice\fR (250ml, 1 cups, cooked basmati).

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 10m
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 20m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
If desired, you can add 2 stalks of green onion, thinly sliced, near the end
when the sauce has thickened. Save a little for garnish as well.

This dish is great served over a bed of rice with broccoli, or with roasted
asparagus and sweet potato. Serve with your side of choice.

Optionally garnish with sesame seeds before serving.

