.TH recipe-manuals 7 "Tofu General Tao" "" "Tofu General Tao"

.SH NAME
Tofu General Tao

.SH INGREDIENTS
.IP \[bu]
Extra Firm Tofu (454g, 1 lb.)
.IP \[bu]
Light Soy Sauce (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Hoisin Sauce (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Rice Vinegar (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Gochujang Chili Paste (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Sesame Oil (15mL, 1 tablespoon)
.IP \[bu]
Brown Sugar (45mL, 3 tablespoons)
.IP \[bu]
Cornstarch (65mL, 0.25 cup + 1 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Chinese Cooking Wine (60mL, 0.25 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Chicken Broth (60mL, 1/4 cup)
.IP \[bu]
Red Chili Flakes (2.5mL, 0.5 teaspoons)
.IP \[bu]
Hot Chili Oil (5mL, 1 teaspoon)
.IP \[bu]
Ginger (10mL, 2 teaspoons, grated)
.IP \[bu]
Garlic (2 cloves, grated)
.IP \[bu]
Rice (250mL, 1 cups, cooked basmati)

.SH INSTRUCTIONS
.nr step 1 1
.IP \n[step]
In a small bowl, combine \fBlight soy sauce\fR (45ml, 3 tablespoons), \fBhoisin
sauce\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon), \fBrice vinegar\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon),
\fBgochujang chili paste\fR (15ml, 1 tablespoon), \fBsesame oil\fR (15ml, 1
tablespoon), \fBbrown sugar\fR (45ml, 3 tablespoons), \fBcornstarch\fR (5ml, 1
teaspoon), \fBchinese cooking wine\fR (60ml, 0.25 cup), \fBchicken broth\fR
(60ml, 1/4 cup), \fBred chili flakes\fR (2.5ml, 0.5 teaspoons), \fBhot chili
oil\fR (5ml, 1 teaspoon).
.IP \n+[step]
Press \fBextra firm tofu\fR (454g, 1 lb.) to remove excess moisture. In a
separate bowl, break apart the tofu into bite size chunks.
.IP \n+[step]
Add 2 tablespoons of the sauce mixture to the tofu and mix, then add
\fBcornstarch\fR (60ml, 0.25 cup). Mix to coat.
.IP \n+[step]
Place tofu chunks on an oiled baking sheet and place in the oven pre-heated to
350°F / 177°C for 30 minutes.
.IP \n+[step]
To the sauce mixture, add \fBginger\fR (10ml, 2 teaspoons, grated),
\fBgarlic\fR (2 cloves, grated).
.IP \n+[step]
In a medium sauce pot over medium heat, add sauce mixture and continuously stir
until thickened. Remove from heat.
.IP \n+[step]
Once thickened, add cooked tofu to sauce pot and coat in sauce.
.IP \n+[step]
Serve over rice.

.SH COMMENT
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Prep Time: 20m
.IP \[bu]
Estimated Cook Time: 40m
.IP \[bu]
Difficulty: easy

.SH ADDITIONAL NOTES
If desired, garnish with scallions and sesame seeds.

